[Applause]
it is the after-show with Conan O'Brien
11:00 on CBS behind the bar it's LA
Lakers power forward Julius Randle hey
top man DJ James Kennedy oh hey guys
Julius Randle how much do you do you
work out in practice during the
offseason ah a lot man morning lunch
dinner well alright I think that's the
right answer
no sir no those are meals youngster yeah
those aren't workout tonight the movies
the news okay in the mail all right
let's go to our Jay in the audience hey
RJ which question hi my question is for
Conan who would we be most surprised
reached out to you after the whole NBC
debacle um I don't know that you'd be
surprised I got the one of the sweetest
phone calls of my life from Robin
Williams and he called me up at home and
talked to me for a little bit and then
he said I want to do something for you
and he knew that I'm really into
bicycles and and riding and something
out so I look like this and don't laugh
people and he sent me this gorgeous very
nice bike that was brightly colored and
that was one of the nicest things that
anyone's ever done for me very human
sweet thing for a Robin going to do and
yeah
yeah um hi hi which of course Kristin
from Austin Texas Coco
does your carpet match your drapes
[Applause]
I would be happy to show you anything
we're on live television I can describe
it for you imagine a copper wire that's
been lightly dusted with paprika and
then gently buffed
yeah it's yeah it's really uh it's
really disgusting yeah I have to say the
gingers in the front row are really
engaged in this conversation oh my God
look at that jacket that's fantastic hey
Joe it's amazing follow that one up I
think I'm blushing um so it's a question
for both you all um we know you have the
receipts we want to know of all the
guests you've had on your show who has
been the biggest backstage diva that's
the biggest backstage diva on the show I
can I can again Al Roker
[Applause]
absolute monster behind-the-scenes
absolute monster compensating for his
own insecurities and I haven't spoke to
him since your turn uh my name is Mariah
Carey and I think it's a good thing I
mean look she had me switch seats
because she has a better side but she
does have a better side obviously um one
science all yeah yeah um she she she was
the diva in the way that I would want
her to be a diva
absolutely yeah really big fan love you
Conan my question for you is what did
you think of Jimmy Fallon's interview
with Trump and if you had the
opportunity would you have him on your
show well what I have President Trump on
the show
okay well I'll answer those in order the
first part is again I make it a policy
it's not I don't like to criticize other
hosts it's not my thing everybody
handles that situation differently and
he handled it that way and I think I
think too much was made of it frankly I
he was in the moment and Jimmy was being
Jimmy and that's what he did and like
enough already we've got real problems
in the world then what I have President
Trump on the show of course I would ease
these President of the United States you
don't have to agree with everyone
everything that someone says I would
have any President of the United States
on the show and ask them questions
that's what he would do so and I hope
you know I hope I would ask him
questions that I would want answered I
have two kids and I would ask him
questions about some of the things that
he's doing and and and I but I believe
that any host would and they'd be
foolish not to if you had a chance to
interview President Trump you would and
I think that you would ask the questions
that are near and dear to you and to
people who watch your show yeah good
answer
Coenen let me ask you this you've been
on twenty-two years I've been on eight
years at what 122 I'm sorry it's more
like 24 but go ahead Oh
oh my god I'm so sorry I thought you did
some kind of you know research for this
I'm sorry I am I mean drunk and yeah
yeah I mad at control you get on for 24
years at what so I've been on for eight
at what point do I start going crazy
about four years ago
Jer City no no I think I do think some
people go kind of insane doing it and
there are certainly days where you think
you're gonna go insane as long as you
you love doing your show I can tell that
watching you I love doing my show as
long as you love it and you're engaged
and you're willing to evolve because
your show if it's should evolve your
show has evolved since you started it
should keep evolving as long as we're
doing that right you should be able to
do this for a long time so I'm crazy and
I love by the way how your show has
evolved without your remotes you're
doing more stuff in the field that's
more the entire thing in other cities
right and it's super cool and you have
to be loving that because it's opening
you a biggest shock of my life is that
because of I think the Internet and
because of this style of comedy I do
when I started out in 1993 and I was you
know I was 29 when I auditioned for this
show and I started out and I would do
the program initially my fans were 15 16
17 years old maybe like it's so weird
and cool I love it all these years later
the people that come up to me when I'm
out a lot of older people do 15 16 17 18
19 like it's so cool when I say do you
know how old I am I'm you know I I'm
rotting like a pumpkin in the Sun but
they still like the show so I'm cool
with that
but how great but I mean what it's very
nice it's very nice um talk to me about
this when you so you went from behind
the scenes to in front of the camera
yeah were you um did it make you
insecure when you started in front of
the camera where there did yes yeah talk
to me about that I'm just yeah that's
like yeah no I
I would say the biggest change that I
always like performing in front of
people and I did a lot of improv but I
hadn't done television and I think when
you you get very the weird thing about
these shows as you know and you may not
know is that when you are in front of an
audience the trick is to be natural in
the most unnatural situation in the
world that's the trick and you're very
good at it you're very relaxed you
yourself you're the same person if you
and I were eating in a restaurant that's
who you are you're able to do that in a
situation where there are cameras there
cueing you to the right time you've got
to do that you know everything has to be
precise you took that drink at the right
time everything has to happen always the
right time to do everything yeah he's
got a drink to sip person he's like and
na and na but you have to be on it all
the time and I think that is something
that you can't the only way to learn
that is by doing it and so I had to
unfortunately learn in front of people
and you can go back and look at some of
those moments back from 1993 and you can
literally see my skin breaking out on
the air my hair flopping down from sweat
it was it was it was brutal but you get
through it and then you learn to be
yourself truly yourself in a situation
where you really shouldn't be because
there are lights and cameras and you're
taking tight time cues when you replace
Letterman that was when he left so did
you ever have any contact with him after
you took over late-night uh yeah he he
did he came on my program when I was
early on when I was really struggling
and that gave us a big boost and he was
very complimentary and so that meant a
huge I mean I believe that he really
reinvented the talk show and I think his
contributions reverberate today and yeah
I think he was it had made a seismic
impact I thought there was it was Johnny
Carson and then you know after Johnny
David Letterman completely reinvented it
and influenced everyone from my
generation so to have him come on the
show back when he didn't do other
people's shows and say nice things gave
me a boost it made me think if David
Letterman is complimenting me and thinks
we're doing some
right snap out of it and just double
down and work even harder right and and
that's what you did I did that in a lot
of medication and the combination is
absolutely fantastic have you over the
years who are some of the people who
have been your go-to people that I just
remember Dave in his early years had
Teri Garr and he had Sandra Bernhard yes
and they were kind of magic together who
are your I had so many people at
Normandy Ahnold was this person who
would come all no nor McDonald but nor
McDonald woman we would have him on in
the early days to this day I've never
interviewed anybody like Noir McDonald
and I was so lucky because Sarah alive
was right upstairs and these people like
chris farley would literally come
downstairs and burst through the doors
and do insane things I had this great
gift of in the early years we used to
use Amy Poehler was a struggling actress
who did improv we knew all these young
people before they hit and we would use
them on our show in sketches and bits
and we were so blessed to have that in
the early days and I look back on those
days now having Will Ferrell Will
Ferrell came on and did one of the
funniest bits I've ever seen that I
cannot explain it to you it's so weird
but he would come on and do these bits
without even being an announced guest
and we would work them out quickly
before the show and he would come on and
do it so there's so many people that
made a huge seismic impact people like
Tom Hanks coming on the show early on
who's probably I have to say without a
doubt the classiest most delightful
human being
maybe I've met in all of show business
he is really a stellar he is it's just a
stellar whatever you think whatever you
think Tom Hanks is at his very best like
magnify that by five and that's who the
guy is when you just meet him he really
is a spectacular person yeah um how long
I know you just resigned until I think
2022 that's right yeah so do you think
that 2022
I mean hello you're applauding years now
how long will you go
how long you can't say I want to do it
as long as it's fun and feels vital if
it doesn't feel that way I would like to
I hope do something else and as you know
this speaks a little bit to your show
and probably what you've seen in person
we have a celebrity obsessed culture and
a culture of people that that get in
front of the camera and they get the
attention and they get kind of addicted
to it yeah I would like to at some point
weaned myself I like going out and being
recognized in making people happy but I
would like maybe there to be a good
chunk of my life if I get to live that
long where I am not real
I'm not that and I've weaned myself off
of that and occasionally I meet people
that know me and like me and they're
happy to see me but no one really no one
really cares in this way that we're
supposed to care in America because I
think ultimately that's not a good way
to go yeah um do you by the way just as
a side note to that when you're running
around LA I mean do people care or
people stopping you for selfies yes
selfies are everywhere yeah and yeah I
believe I my wife and my children are
with me all the time and I defy someone
to come forward and say I saw you not
take a selfie with someone to a fault I
take selfies because I think it takes a
second it makes the person happy
occasionally I get irritated when people
walk up to me and say I want a selfie
and I go okay and they just hand the
camera to my wife like take that that
doesn't go over so well and not the
thing is my wife is in addition to being
beautiful and incredibly talented she's
uh she's overly gracious and she's like
oh no I want to do it I want to do it
but sometimes I feel like you know
my wife and what the great thing is that
my son who's 11 photobombs all of them
and that's awesome and they don't know
it when they're getting it done so they
get home and they're like here's my
picture of Conan it's just kid in the
background that's and I like that
because that's his way of taking control
of it and saying it's not all about you
dad
I'm ruining it in the background and I
think that's good love him um answer me
this what is your what is your
relationship with Andy off camera if you
have two weeks off do you guys text each
other or you know Andy Richter is one of
the funniest people I know he's really
and he's he's got a I mean you should
you should follow him on Twitter he's
got he's one of the funnies do he's one
of the funniest people on Twitter and
he's got a razor-sharp mind Andy and I I
think people expect to see us together
right you know like if they go to an
Arby's and they see me because I'm at
the Arby's a lot there they expect to
see Andy there with me that doesn't
happen because we both have our separate
lives but he will send me a piece I see
something really funny he'll email me or
I'll email him but no we live very much
separate lives
yeah when we're not working I'd like to
change that I'd like to live with him
yeah I loved it when you started that
you had a sidekick it was very IIIi
think I wanted I wanted to go back to
that no other people have done it sense
but at the time what I wanted to do is
have a show that looked it looked right
but it was very wrong meaning I wanted
it to have the appearance of well he
seems like a nice fellow
and there's his nice sidekick who looks
sort of like a young Ed McMahon and he
seems everything see and there's a band
and it all seems right but we have a
masturbating bear we have you know
triumph the insult comic dog we have
fake people in the audience interrupting
there's you know madness exploding
everywhere and that was always my dream
and that was what I was proudest of is I
wanted it to be that feel like it's it
looks okay but something and we lo
people in and then it's very wrong and
we scar them for life that was all the
perfect
Thank You Conan O'Brien for starring us
for 24 years everybody watch Conan week
Thank You Julian Randol
from the LA Lakers Thank You DJ James
Kennedy
good night everybody
[Music]
thanks for watching watch more clips
here and subscribe to our channel here
see ya